docs/005-default-parameter-store-locations.md, before:

# Default Parameter Store Locations

A number of constructs from the library define parameters to get configuration from Parameter Store. Each of these parameters configures a default path. The below table lists those paths, the parameter that sets them, the expected value type and which construct the parameter is defined within.

| Path                                  | Parameter              | Type                         | Construct                  |
| ------------------------------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| /account/vpc/primary/id               | VpcId                  | AWS::EC2::VPC::Id            | GuVpc.fromIdParameter      |
| /account/vpc/primary/subnets/public   | PublicSubnets          | List\<AWS::EC2::Subnet::Id\> | GuVpc.subnetsFromParameter |
| /account/vpc/primary/subnets/private  | PrivateSubnets         | List\<AWS::EC2::Subnet::Id\> | GuVpc.subnetsFromParameter |
| /account/services/artifact.bucket     | DistributionBucketName | String                       | GuGetDistributablePolicy   |
| /account/services/logging.stream.name | LoggingStreamName      | String                       | GuLogShippingPolicy        |

Commit message:

Enforce the access logging prefix and remove the option to specify the bucket prop

docs/005-default-parameter-store-locations.md, after:

# Default Parameter Store Locations

A number of constructs from the library define parameters to get configuration from Parameter Store. Each of these parameters configures a default path.
The below table lists those paths, the parameter that sets them, the expected value type and which construct the parameter is defined within.

| Path                                  | Parameter              | Type                         | Construct                  |
| ------------------------------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| /account/vpc/primary/id               | VpcId                  | AWS::EC2::VPC::Id            | GuVpc.fromIdParameter      |
| /account/vpc/primary/subnets/public   | PublicSubnets          | List\<AWS::EC2::Subnet::Id\> | GuVpc.subnetsFromParameter |
| /account/vpc/primary/subnets/private  | PrivateSubnets         | List\<AWS::EC2::Subnet::Id\> | GuVpc.subnetsFromParameter |
| /account/services/artifact.bucket     | DistributionBucketName | String                       | GuGetDistributablePolicy   |
| /account/services/logging.stream.name | LoggingStreamName      | String                       | GuLogShippingPolicy        |


## Pattern-specific default Parameter Store locations

Patterns embrace Guardian best practices and sensible defaults by design, and use [GuSSMParameter](../src/constructs/core/ssm.ts) to fetch values from Parameter Store.
The below table lists those paths, the expected contents, the property/properties and pattern(s) that use them.

| Path                                    | Expected Contents                      | Relevant Properties                           | Patterns                               |
| ----------------------------------------| -------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| /account/services/access-logging/bucket | The S3 bucket used to hold access logs | [`accessLogging`](../src/patterns/ec2-app.ts) | [GuEC2App](../src/patterns/ec2-app.ts) |
